Update README for Google Cloud DNS and NS1 (#142)
Shopify/record_store: README.md

For a breakdown of what each permission allows read through [DynECT's permissions guide](https://help.dyn.com/user-and-group-permissions/).

### Google Cloud DNS

> In order to use Google Cloud DNS, you'll need to add the `Project ID` and `Service Account Credentials` to `secrets.json`. The `Service Account Credentials` is a JSON format file that you need to generate on Google Cloud Platform. You can find more details about the authentication from [here](https://googleapis.dev/ruby/google-cloud-dns/latest/file.AUTHENTICATION.html).

Reviewer: Can you maybe explain how to add that? I mean which key contains what? Maybe add an example here of the expected format?

Author: Sure, will be added!

### NS1

> To use NS1, you'll need the API key generated from `Account Settings` on NS1 website and add the key to `secrets.json`.

Reviewer: What key for the API key?

Author: I can put an example here as well :)

For a breakdown of what each permission allows read through [DynECT's permissions guide](https://help.dyn.com/user-and-group-permissions/).

### Google Cloud DNS

In order to use Google Cloud DNS, you'll need to add the `Service Account Credentials` to `secrets.json`. The `Service Account Credentials` is a JSON format file that you need to generate on Google Cloud Platform. You can find more details about the authentication from [here](https://googleapis.dev/ruby/google-cloud-dns/latest/file.AUTHENTICATION.html).

> Here's an exmaple of the JSON format file and you can simply copy all information and paste to `secrets.json`.

Author: Yeah, it's part of the content. Will make it more clear like `ns1`.

> Here's an exmaple of the JSON format file and you can simply copy all information and paste to `secrets.json`.

Author: Super-clear!

```json
{
"type": "service_account",
"project_id": "[PROJECT-ID]",
"private_key_id": "[KEY-ID]",
"private_key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n[PRIVATE-KEY]\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
"client_email": "[SERVICE-ACCOUNT-EMAIL]",
"client_id": "[CLIENT-ID]",
"auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
"token_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/token",
"auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
"client_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/[SERVICE-ACCOUNT-EMAIL]"
}
```

### NS1

> To use NS1, you'll need the API key generated from `Account Settings` on NS1 website and add the generated API to `ns1` in `secrets.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use NS1, you'll need the API key generated from `Account Settings` on NS1 website.  Add the generated API to the value of the `api_key` key of the `ns1` object  in `secrets.json`.
```

Reviewer: `generated API` => `generated API key` ?

> To use NS1, you'll need the API key generated from `Account Settings` on NS1 website and add the generated API to `ns1` in `secrets.json`.

Author: Thanks, this looks cleaner!

### Oracle Cloud Infrastructure

> In order to use OCI, you'll need to add the `compartment_id`, `user`, `fingerprint`, `key_content`, `tenancy`, and `region` to `secrets.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use OCI, you'll need to add the `compartment_id`, `user`, `fingerprint`, `key_content`, `tenancy`, and `region` keys to `secrets.json`.
```

Reviewer: Does it need to be under another key ? I sort of preferred the way the details was given for that part in Google Cloud DNS (the JSON example)
